Ocean waves
Each wave carries 0 to 5 unique species of fish
Each wave will have the same species as the last wave,
  but with either one unknown species or one less.
Each species must be put into its own bucket
If a species does not show up in a wave, its bucket is marked "endangered"
When a species arrives but there are no buckets, it gets the first available endangered bucket

Sets of combinations
Each set has 0 to (colors.length * 2) combinations
Each set will be more or less than the last one
Each combination is placed into an indexed list of color assignments and assigned a color
    Color assignment:
        - combination
        - color
        - striped?
        - ready for eviction?
If a set has less than the last one
    Any assigned combinations not in the set are marked as ready for eviction
If a set has more than the last one
    Are there are enough color assignments left?
        Yes?
            Are any of the new combinations already in ready-for-eviction assignments?
                Yes? Remove the ready-for-eviction flag
            Place combinations in color assignments as usual
        No? Evict any "ready for eviction" assignments to make room
    Place combinations in color assignments as usual

Need a color?
    Return the color and stripedness



Assuming max of 5 colors, solid and striped

User selects combo 1
Combo 1 is mapped to color 1
User selects combo 2
Combo 2 is mapped to color 2
User selects combo 3
Combo 3 is mapped to color 3
User selects combo 4
Combo 4 is mapped to color 4
User selects combo 5
Combo 5 is mapped to color 5

User unselects combo 1
Combo 1 remains mapped to color 1 (but is not used)

User selects combo 6
Should this use a color 1 striped?
Or should it use the color 1 normal?

In this case: striped version.

User selects combo 7
Combo 7 is mapped to color 2 striped
User selects combo 8
Combo 8 is mapped to color 3 striped
User selects combo 9
Combo 9 is mapped to color 4 striped
User selects combo 10
Combo 10 is mapped to color 5 striped

Everything is now mapped, but color 1 is not being used.

User selects combo 11
Should this use color 1? (Yes, because there is nothing left.)

User unselects combo 2
Combo 2 remains mapped to color 2 (but is not used)

User selects combo 12
Should this use color 2? (Yes, because there is nothing left.)

User selects combo 13
Everything is already mapped, the dataset gets gray and is not displayed.